ladies and gentlemen do you hear that
that's the surround sound of fashion hey
this is Yandy Phillip Swayne wanna Maya
Neal why you're gesturing dr. farmer
grey b.o.b Bobbi ray j Cole Cole were
even Marcel and you're watching surround
sound surround since around Sandow
fashion and shut down keep it
our 92 presents surround sound of that
should 2011 the next phase in fashion
and entertainment
designers dance groups over 2,000
submission bolts to lead to the main
event with your participation one male
and one female model will have an
opportunity to win an all-expense-paid
trip to the magic trade show in Las
Vegas
all expense paid trip to the reggae
sumfest in Montego Bay Jamaica I'm super
excited